VOTERS

https://www.codechef.com/problems/VOTERS

As you might remember, the collector of Siruseri had ordered a complete
revision of the Voters List. He knew that constructing the list of voters is a
difficult task, prone to errors. Some voters may have been away on vacation,
others may have moved during the enrollment and so on.

To be as accurate as possible, he entrusted the task to three different
officials. Each of them was to independently record the list of voters and
send it to the collector. In Siruseri, every one has a ID number and the list
would only list the ID numbers of the voters and not their names. The
officials were expected to arrange the ID numbers in ascending order in their
lists.

On receiving the lists, the Collector realised that there were discrepancies -
the three lists were not identical. He decided to go with the majority. That
is, he decided to construct the final list including only those ID numbers
that appeared in at least 2 out of the 3 lists. For example if the three lists
were

    
    
    23  30  42  57  90
    21  23  35  57  90  92
    21  23  30  57  90 
    

then the final list compiled by the collector would be:

    
    
    21  23  30  57  90
    

The ID numbers 35, 42 and 92 which appeared in only one list each do not
figure in the final list.

Your task is to help the collector by writing a program that produces the
final list from the three given lists.

Input format

The first line of the input contains 3 integers _N_1, _N_2 and _N_3. _N_1 is
the number of voters in the first list, _N_2 is the number of voters in the
second list and _N_3 is the number of voters in the third list. The next _N_1
lines (lines 2,...,_N_1+1) contain one positive integer each and describe the
first list in ascending order. The following _N_2 lines (lines
_N_1+2,...,_N_1+_N_2+1) describe the second list in ascending order and the
final _N_3 lines (lines _N_1+_N_2+2,...,_N_1+_N_2+_N_3+1) describe the third
list in ascending order.

Output format

The first line of the output should contain a single integer _M_ indicating
the number voters in the final list. The next _M_ lines (lines 2,...,_M_+1)
should contain one positive integer each, describing the list of voters in the
final list, in ascending order.

Test data

You may assume that 1 _N_1,_N_2,_N_3 50000\.

Example

Sample input:

    
    
    5 6 5
    23
    30
    42
    57
    90
    21 
    23 
    35 
    57 
    90 
    92 
    21 
    23 
    30 
    57 
    90 
    

Sample output:

    
    
    5
    21 
    23 
    30 
    57 
    90

**Solve problem at [ideone.com](https://ideone.com/) and share the link or [submit](https://www.codechef.com/problems/VOTERS) solution directly.**